[Music]
what is up
guys karma medic here and welcome back
to another dose if you're new to the
channel hi my name is nasser and i'm now
a fourth year medical student studying
at king's college london
and somehow magically we've just passed
000 subscribers which is beyond
ridiculous and i know i say this every
single time we pass some sort of new
milestone but
a quarter of a million people choosing
to click subscribe on my channel is just
crazy so in today's video i thought it
would be fun to take a trip down memory
lane and have a look through some of the
older videos that i have here on the
channel
have a little nostalgic trip about what
two to two and a half years of video
making looks like so i put out a post on
my instagram story and you guys worked
your magic and let me know which of my
older videos you want to see me react to
if you don't already follow me on
instagram you can do so at karma medic i
post more regular updates about my life
over there and every now and again you
guys get to influence what it is that i
do in my videos all right i'm gonna move
to the side over here so there's some
space for us to watch videos
together now by far the most highly
requested video for me to react to is my
very first video here on the channel
i'm really not looking forward to that
because i know it's going to be cringy i
know it's going to be weird that's
probably exactly why you guys requested
it
i see you i see you my journey to
medical school uploaded almost
two years ago on march 7th 2018.
damn oh god all right
hi my name is master karma i'm currently
a graduate
on the undergraduate medicine course at
king's college london
can we just talk about the quality for a
second this was the front-facing camera
of my iphone 8 the same one that i use
right now i didn't even
use the back camera i use the front
facing camera
i had my phone balanced up on a bunch of
cardboard boxes my bed is messy my
clothes on the thing are messy i'm 22
years old
and i want to start making youtube
videos i've been through the process of
applying to both uk
and canadian medical schools i've
learned a lot of things along the way i
think i might be able to help some
people out today so
just a little bit of background about me
i'm so awkward talking to the camera and
i'm i'm clearly very nervous and
you know i think i think that's totally
okay obviously when you first start
talking to a camera which is an
inanimate object you know it takes a
little bit of time to get used to
i was born in vancouver in july of 1995
and i soon after moved to greece two
months later from my dad's work that's
where i spent
almost 18 years of my life you know at
this time like i knew the quality of the
video wasn't good i knew i was shy i
knew that i wasn't talking in an
engaging way
but i was just hoping that whatever i
was saying was actually going to be
valuable and it was actually going to
help students get accepted into medical
school
and the bma but at the time i didn't
take them too seriously
oh my god to those schools actually if
they can't and the bmat
yo what an amazing
transition title coming up oh my gosh
leave a like if you want tips on uk cat
prep
someone tell me why i capitalized every
single word in every sentence that i
wrote
fantastic time look at that red text on
top of a red bed
this thumbnail i made it in microsoft
word okay
i used an orange text and then put a
shadow in blue
what was i thinking all right i think
that's enough cringing at nasa from two
years ago making his
very first video the next video that i
want to jump into is this uk cat video
the 99th percentile one have a look at
this background
my beautiful white board with karma
medic written on it
oh my gosh that's so embarrassing so one
of my goals with this video
is to try and figure out when i came up
with the phrase welcome back to another
dose so i can see i have a little pill
there
a little medicine tablet that's what
this circle's supposed to represent wait
let's see did i say it in this video
what's up guys karma medic here welcome
back to another
dose all right okay hold on we need to
talk about these logos
we need to talk about these logos okay
this was sort of like i think it was my
first channel banner that's what it was
it was my first channel banner and when
i was thinking about what i wanted to
write on my channel banner i wrote get
your dose that you guys can see down
there
and this picture over here that was the
very first picture that i ever uploaded
to my instagram page karma medic
so if i scroll down to the very bottom
of my karma medic page there it is
right there at the bottom that's where
welcome back to another dose came from
get your dose
and here's a hand holding that dose okay
so that's cool that's uh that's a nice
thing to remember
then i moved on to mmi interview stuff
one of the videos that did really well
was this one here how to break bad news
welcome back to another
dose welcome back to another dose have
you guys been i hope
interview prep has been going well
[Music]
yeah i changed the poster orientation
from my earlier videos now i've got them
in frames which i think looks so much
nicer
anyway
i think something really interesting to
react to would be my first vlog
medical school vlog my paper was
specifically looking at what
yeah all right all right all right let's
go all right so when i filmed my first
vlog i was
really nervous i would just take my
camera on walks like to the supermarket
or to the train station or whatever
slowly slowly i got more and more used
to holding my camera in a public space
and that's what led me to be able to
vlog in public also this little thing
here this was my like karma medic
animation at the beginning of a video
before the one that you guys see now and
now i have that whole intro animated of
me and my desk
crazy how much has changed vlog it i'm
currently heading to my first class in
the morning where i'm doing a
presentation on
hiv and vaccine development but
everything goes well i'll catch up with
you guys after i finish my presentation
remember being so nervous walking
through that hallway while vlogging i
was like i hope no one comes i hope no
one sees me
there's the shard i was getting
what was that
stunning for the camera yeah that's
that's exactly what that was so to give
you guys a little bit of an update about
my
all around yesterday we had this section
of the upper limb so that means from the
shoulders all the way down to the hands
i missed dissection so much
like being in the dissecting lab and
just being there with your cadaver
taking your time going through
everything
such as such a good good experience well
settled in i'm finally home now that's
that
that's the end of my day
karma medic white board got an update
all right what is up guys karma medic
here and welcome back to another show
what is up guys karma medic here it's
really it's really interesting to see
how my like intonation has changed with
that intro i got this glass
jar and i filled it with m ms of the
same color as the karma medic logo
i did that to commemorate our 1k
subscriber goal so i showed this one
okay subscribers let's go
interesting story guys when i went and i
bought these m m's and i remember
thinking to myself
like what a huge waste of money how
could you spend
13 pounds on stupid m ms to put in the
background of your videos
and looking back on that now it was just
so worth it the memory and the
commemoration of hitting 1000
subscribers in this glass jar
is worth so much more than 13 pounds and
i keep it on my desk in the background
of almost every single video as a
reminder
like this is where i started all right
now that we have the story of the eminem
jar out of the way
let's move on to the next video this was
the second vlog that i made on my
youtube channel
and it was the one where i felt like i
really stepped up my editing game
and as you can see it got 230 000 views
compared to the first one they got 40
so it did very very well i didn't know
we were in the information society
i was sitting outside this building
trying to vlog my like morning when i
arrived on campus
and this woman walked by me catching me
fully red-handed just like
vlogging on the stairs and i was like
then i continued so this vlog was a
really good example of
the lifestyle that i tried to promote on
this channel as much as possible which
is that
academics are incredibly important and
you should focus on your academics
that's the number one well
a big part of why you're at university
but it doesn't mean that you can't have
a balanced life doesn't mean you can't
play sports
in your evenings like i did here play
basketball every single thursday i'd
hang out with my friends during the day
at school
i could go to extracurricular activities
that my friends were doing i'm trying to
promote that you
have time to do other things in your
life i just think it's all about how you
prioritize your time and where you
choose to spend your time thank you for
coming to my ted talk
all right and then it happened and then
i uploaded the medical student finals
week vlog
the video that would forever change my
life and my youtube channel so this vlog
over here
went super super viral which is
absolutely crazy it now has 1.8
million views i've always wanted to
comment on this because no one has ever
commented on it
and i just like i feel like i need the
people to go i want people to know
you can see my tripod through this like
crack in my door
which is going to be the next shot that
i use film this shot that i'm filming is
my camera on that
tripod that you just saw over there
and this was also the first time that i
included some like serious b-roll in the
background of my videos
and this is that hyperlapse
[Applause]
[Music]
this was also sort of like my first big
big editing project i forget how many
gigabytes of footage i recorded i think
it was like 200
yeah 200 gigs so i edited this vlog over
something like 10 days i would do like
two or three hours a day something like
that it took absolutely forever
now i'm a lot faster editing my vlogs
because i've sort of gotten used to what
i like my editing style and things like
that
this video is pretty important for me
because it was one of the first times i
did something completely different
completely out there in terms of the
content that i had been uploading on my
channel
everything was revolved around medical
school and studying and entrance exams
and things like that
and then i went to made a video about
food about meal prep and i think this is
one of the best things that i do in
regards to my channel it's that i try
and do anything that makes me happy
anything that i find fun
anything that i find enjoyable and i
think that's what makes this channel and
this hobby so much fun for me and
something that i really enjoy doing big
shout out to arslan he helped me film
this video
even though he was probably cringing at
me the whole time and then he gave me
this
amazing review and yeah let's see what
it tastes like
give your honest opinion like off camera
very average
way guy all right the next video that i
want to comment about real quick is my
room tour
this is one of my favorite videos that
i've made and it's because alexia was
there she's the one who helped me film
the video
most of the videos i film are just me by
myself talking to the camera like i am
right now
so anytime there's someone else with me
in a video or helping me film the video
it just makes it so much more fun
it's like much more of a social
experience
[Music]
what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another
dose we refilmed that intro i don't even
know how many times because we just
broke out in laughter it's obviously so
unnatural to like knock on my own door
and be like hey welcome to my room um
banking
as well as and it's also where i keep
anything that i need to keep
[Laughter]
yeah girl that's definitely going in no
no
speaking of alexia let's react to the
video of alexia and i going to paris i
completely surprised her she had no idea
that i was going to book this ticket it
was for her birthday which is december
13th
[Music]
we were about to go out for dinner i
wanted to do this surprise and i wanted
to film her reaction without her knowing
and my heart was just like beating
through the roof
i had one camera hidden over here and
the day before i had placed the camera
there
checked the angle and then drawn two
lines with a pencil so that i knew
exactly how to put it
the next time and i'd hidden it right
next to these two candles so that you'd
hopefully not see it
there it is yeah and then the second
my birthday present the second camera
was here so that's where i keep my
cameras normally anyway up on that shelf
facing this direction so she would never
know if it was turned on because that's
where it always is
happy birthday i hope you like the
surprise and i can't wait to
go with you where
wait what why didn't we wear it what
this is a plane ticket
trust me
oh my gosh oh my gosh are you surprised
made my heart melt made my heart melt oh
this scene is so funny
okay okay we have to play this so a
little bit of context alexia and i
finally find the place where we want to
put our lock where we want to solidify
our love
and this is what happens
be careful the lock doesn't fall
of course of course
i literally just said it and of course
it falls through the crack
into the river let's move on to another
video a lot of you guys wanted me to
react to my like quarantine
day in the life vlogs so let's do one of
those as well i think i'm going to react
to this one because it's a little bit
different than some of my other vlogs so
yeah i
loved i loved making this video when i'm
vlogging i don't really take the time to
set up the perfect shot or
find the perfect frame or do something
multiple times to make sure it's perfect
when i'm vlogging i'm documenting what
is happening in my life i'm doing what i
would normally do anyway but i'm just
placing the camera somewhere and filming
it but in this video
i really took my time with every shot
that i did i made sure that everything
was like neat everything was aligned
here and welcome back to another dose
today i'm going to be running you
through my typical study routine during
quarantine so grab your coffee i don't
know if anyone noticed this but
there's a little piece of dust stuck to
my fingernail here and when i saw this
in the edit i was
so mad because it was wednesday night
which means my video is going live on
thursday morning
and i didn't have time to redo this shot
and get rid of that stupid piece of dust
i set an alarm for seven hours of sleep
almost every single day of the year
whether that's weekday or weekend
whether that's university time or
vacation
yeah i honestly don't think i've slept
more than seven hours
probably in all of 2020 i usually sleep
between six and a half and seven hours
this is easily my favorite part of the
video erin chill break at around 8 30
p.m
after putting away the dishes i walk to
my mirror and give myself a motivational
speech
about how there's only one hour of
studying left in the day and that i can
do this despite how tired i am from
studying and how much i just want to
turn on my playstation and play some
call of duty with the boys for this last
hour of study
all right so i don't actually do that i
just thought it would be really funny as
like an easter egg to put in this video
happy studying stay safe and i'll see
you in the next one
peace all right
on to the next video guys karma medic
here and welcome back to another
dose we've actually done it it's so
crazy to say out loud but recently this
channel has passed 100 000 subscribers
can we take a second to talk about my
hair this is what my hair should look
like okay
nice nice and short you know neat
not this on my head this is way too much
hair i need a haircut
so badly i never would have thought this
would happen
back when i started my youtube channel
and still i'm pretty sure i don't really
understand what it means to have a
channel with 100 000 subscribers
this was a big big moment for me because
it sort of solidified
all the work that i had been doing over
almost a two year period like when i had
a thousand subscribers
i put it into this physical object like
i can look at this and i can know that a
thousand people subscribe to my channel
and then when i got 100 000 subscribers
i could put it into a tangible physical
plaque on the wall
and that meant that i had 100 000
subscribers it sort of helped me
understand what 100 000 subscribers
means and now as we grow more and more
and more
i think i need more objects because i
definitely do not understand
i can't wrap my head around 250
000 of you clicking subscribe on my
youtube channel
okay guys and i think that's actually a
perfect place to end this video
i'm gonna close it over here i have had
so much fun
taking this trip down memory lane having
all this nostalgia looking through all
of my older videos so thank you guys for
suggesting all the different videos for
me to react to over on instagram don't
forget to follow me over there if you
don't already let me know in a comment
down below which videos i should have
reacted to or any of your own reactions
or comments to my older videos if you
haven't seen them i think that is it for
me
i hope you guys are having a wonderful
day happy studying happy chilling happy
working whatever it is you're doing
and i'll see you in the next one peace
so i put out a
oh gosh
had me out like a light like a light
oh no i don't need to bring this bag
i don't need to bring this back
[Music]
might have to cut that out in the edit